CSS overflow property description (#44340)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/overflow/index.md

#### The `visible` value

The default value is `visible`. By default, if content overflows a container's constraints, the contents are not contained to the container. An element that defaults or is explicitly set to `visible` doesn't have scrollbars, is not user or programmatically scrollable, and is not a {{glossary("scroll container")}}. This value does not create a new block formatting context.

```css live-sample___visible
div {
  overflow: visible;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("visible", "", "300px")}}

```html hidden live-sample___visible
<div>
  <h2>overflow: visible;</h2>
</div>
<div>
  <p>
    The <code>overflow</code> property in this example is set to
    <code>visible</code>. No scroll container is created; the content just
    overflows the container.
  </p>
</div>
```

With `visible`, no clipping occurs, so the overflowing content is visible outside the element's padding box, potentially overlapping adjacent content.

#### The `scroll` value

> With `scroll`, content is clipped at the element's padding box and can be scrolled into view. User agents display scroll bars in both directions whether or not any content is overflowing, which prevents scroll bars from appearing and disappearing as content changes. Printers may still print overflow content.*

Author: ```suggestion
With `scroll`, content is clipped at the element's padding box and can be scrolled into view. User agents display scroll bars in both directions, whether or not any content is overflowing, which prevents scroll bars from appearing and disappearing as content changes. Printers may still print overflow content.
```

- `hidden`
  - : Overflow content is clipped at the element's padding box, hiding the clipped content. When overflowing, the element box is a {{glossary("scroll container")}} with no scroll bars; scrolling is still possible via other methods including tabbing to hidden focusable elements, properties such as {{domxref("Element.scrollLeft", "scrollLeft")}} property, and methods like {{domxref("Element.scrollTo", "scrollTo()")}}.
- `clip`
  - : Overflow content is clipped at the element's _overflow clip edge_ defined by the {{cssxref("overflow-clip-margin")}} property. The element box is not a scroll container, clipped content is not visible, and programmatic scrolling is not supported.
- `scroll`
  - : Overflow content is clipped at the element's padding box. Whether overflowing or not, the element box is always a scroll container displaying scroll bars.
- `auto`
  - : Overflow content is clipped at the element's padding box. When overflowing, the element box is a scroll container displaying scroll bars.

#### Non-standard values

Some non-standard values are also supported in some browsers:

- `overlay`

>   - : Alias for `auto`. Implemented as an internal Safari feature to allow the scrollbar to overlap the content, `overlay` was never part of the specification. Its use is discouraged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `overlay`
  - : A legacy alias for `auto`, defined in the specification for web compatibility. Originally implemented as a non-standard value to render scrollbars on top of content rather than taking up space. Its use in new code is discouraged.
```

I wouldn’t blame Safari here, as it’s also supported in Chrome 114 and Firefox 112. Adding “legacy” early, too.

## Description

> By default, block level elements grow to fit their content. If the size is of a container is constrained, the content will overflow. This overflowing behavior is controlled by the `overflow` property determines how a container handles this content that overflows its edges by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, block level elements grow to fit their content. If the size of a container is constrained, the content will overflow. The `overflow` property determines how a container handles content that overflows its edges.
```

All values, except `visible` and `clip`, create a new [block formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Display/Block_formatting_context). The new block formatting context is necessary for scroll containers because if a float were to intersect with a scrolling element, it would forcibly rewrap the content after each scroll step, leading to a slow scrolling experience.

### What creates overflow

Overflow occurs when a block-level element has content that overflows its constrained space. The alloted space may be constrained by a height ({{cssxref("height")}} or {{cssxref("max-height")}}) for vertical overflow, a width ({{cssxref("width")}} or {{cssxref("max-width")}}) for horizontal overflow, a block-size (({{cssxref("block-size")}} or {{cssxref("max-block-size")}}) for block direction overflow, or an inline-size (({{cssxref("inline-size")}}, {{cssxref("max-inline-size")}}) or {{cssxref("white-space")}} set to `nowrap`) for inline direction overflow.

The following CSS limits the size of the container, defining [box model](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Box_model) property values that limit the container's size.

> We've also added a background color, clipped to the `content-box`, to help demonstrate how overflowing content overflows the content box in the explanations that follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background color, clipped to the `content-box`, is also added to help demonstrate how overflowing content overflows the content box in the explanations that follow.
```

```css
div {
  height: 10em;
  width: 15em;
  border: 3px solid;
  padding: 10px;

  background-color: #ededed;
  background-clip: content-box;
}
```

### Understanding overflow values

The different `overflow` values define whether an element has scrollbars, whether it is user and programmatically scrollable, and whether it is a scroll container (which creates a new [block formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Display/Block_formatting_context)) when that element's contents overflow and, in the case of `scroll`, even when they don't.

#### The `visible` value

> The default value is `visible`. By default, if content overflows a container's constraints, the contents are not contained to the container. An element that defaults or is explicitly set to `visible` doesn't not have scrollbars, is not user or programmatically scrollable, and is not a {{glossary("scroll container")}}. This value does not create a new block formatting context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is `visible`. By default, if content overflows a container's constraints, the contents are not contained to the container. An element that defaults or is explicitly set to `visible` doesn't have scrollbars, is not user or programmatically scrollable, and is not a {{glossary("scroll container")}}. This value does not create a new block formatting context.
```

```css live-sample___visible
div {
  overflow: visible;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("visible", "", "300px")}}

```html hidden live-sample___visible
<div>
  <h2>overflow: visible;</h2>
</div>
<div>
  <p>
    The <code>overflow</code> property in this example is set to
    <code>visible</code>. No scroll container is created; the content just
    overflows the container.
  </p>
</div>
```

With `visible`, no clipping occurs, so the overflowing content is visible outside the element's padding box, potentially overlapping adjacent content.

#### The `scroll` value

With `scroll`, if the content overflows, it is clipped at the element's padding box, and overflow content can be scrolled into view using scroll bars. User agents display scroll bars whether or not any content is overflowing, in both the horizontal and vertical directions if the value applies to both directions.

The use of this keyword, therefore, can prevent scroll bars from appearing and disappearing as content changes. Printers may still print overflow content. The element box is a scroll container.

> When `overflow` is set to `scroll`, the element has scrollbars and is user and programmatically scrollable. With `scroll`, the element is a {{glossary("scroll container")}}, even if there is no overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `scroll`, content is clipped at the element's padding box and can be scrolled into view. User agents display scroll bars in both directions whether or not any content is overflowing, which prevents scroll bars from appearing and disappearing as content changes. Printers may still print overflow content.*

The element is always a {{glossary("scroll container")}} — even when there is no overflowing content — and is both user-scrollable and programmatically scrollable.
```

I noticed similar ideas repeated in these paragraphs, so I would suggest this more concise version.

```css live-sample___auto
div {
  overflow: auto;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("auto", "", "300px")}}

```html hidden live-sample___auto
<div>
  <h2>overflow: auto;</h2>
</div>
<div>
  <p>
    The <code>overflow</code> property in this example is set to
    <code>auto</code>. Because there is overflowing content, a scroll container
    is created. The content is clipped to the padding box and a scroll bar
    enables scrolling to the overflowing content.
  </p>
</div>
```

When using the two value syntax, if one value is set to `visible`, that `visible` overflow direction will behave as `auto` if the other value is not `visible` or `clip`.

#### The `hidden` value

With `hidden`, overflowing content is clipped at the element's padding box. There are no scroll bars and the clipped content is not visible (i.e., it's "hidden").

If there is overflowing content, the element is a scroll container! While there are no scroll bars and the user cannot view the content outside the clipped region by actions such as dragging on a touch screen or using the scroll wheel on a mouse, the hidden overflow content can be scrolled into view.

> If the content contains focusable elements, tabbing brings the currently focused element into view. Content can also be scrolled to programmatically. Setting a value for the {{domxref("Element.scrollLeft", "scrollLeft")}} or {{domxref("Element.scrollTop", "scrollTop")}} property scrolls that distance from the left or top edge, respectively. You an also scroll using the {{domxref("Element.scrollTo", "scrollTo()")}} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the content contains focusable elements, tabbing brings the currently focused element into view. Content can also be scrolled to programmatically. Setting a value for the {{domxref("Element.scrollLeft", "scrollLeft")}} or {{domxref("Element.scrollTop", "scrollTop")}} property scrolls that distance from the left or top edge, respectively. You can also scroll using the {{domxref("Element.scrollTo", "scrollTo()")}} method.
```

```css live-sample___hidden
div {
  overflow: hidden;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("hidden", "", "300px")}}

```html hidden live-sample___hidden
<div>
  <h2>overflow: hidden;</h2>
</div>
<div>
  <p>
    The <code>overflow</code> property in this example is set to
    <code>hidden</code>. While hidden,
    <a

>       href="https://mozilla.developer.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Guides/Content_categories#interactive_content"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Guides/Content_categories#interactive_content"
```

      >interactive content</a
    >
    can be scrolled into view when focused. Because content overflows, the
    element is a scroll container, even though no scroll bars are present.
    Tabbing will give this
    <input aria-label="input" placeholder="input" /> focus and scroll it into
    view. This content is also programmatically scrollable.
  </p>
</div>
```

The first example does not have overflowing content and is not a scroll container. The second example has overflowing content that is clipped to the padding box. Even though there is no scroll bar enabling scrolling to the overflowing content, the content can be scrolled into view, such as by tabbing to the {{htmlelement("input")}} in the hidden content. The second example is a scroll container.

> ### The `clip` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The `clip` value
```

> With `clip`, content that overflows is by default hidden, there are no scroll bars, and programmatic scrolling is not possible. The element is not a scroll container and no new [formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Display/Block_formatting_context) is created. If the clipped content includes interactive content, hidden focusable content still receives keyboard focus, but that content will not scroll into view, which is bad user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `clip`, content that overflows is by default hidden, there are no scroll bars, and programmatic scrolling is not possible. The element is not a scroll container and no new [formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Display/Block_formatting_context) is created. If the clipped content includes interactive content, hidden focusable content still receives keyboard focus, but that content will not scroll into view, making it inaccessible to keyboard users.
```

I would suggest being more specific.

With `clip`, overflow content is clipped at the element's _overflow clip edge_ that is defined using the {{cssxref("overflow-clip-margin")}} property. The clipped content overflows the element's padding box by the {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} value of `overflow-clip-margin`, which defaults to `0px`.

```css live-sample___clip
div {
  overflow: clip;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("clip", "", "350")}}

```html hidden live-sample___clip
<div>
  <h2>overflow: clip;</h2>
</div>
<div>
  <p>The <code>overflow</code> property in this example is set to <code>clip</code>. When hidden,
    <a

>       href="https://mozilla.developer.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Guides/Content_categories#interactive_content"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Guides/Content_categories#interactive_content"
```

      >interactive content</a
    >
    can NOT be scrolled into view when focused. Overflowing content is clipped the container. No scroll container is created. Tabbing will give this

>     <input aria-label="input" placeholder="input" /> focus but will not scroll it into view, which is terrible user experience. This content is not programmatically scrollable. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <input aria-label="input" placeholder="input" /> focus but will not scroll it into view. Keyboard users will not be able to reach this content. This content is also not programmatically scrollable.</p>
```

More specific and neutral, too.

</div>
<fieldset><legend>Select a <code>overflow-clip-margin</code> value</legend>
<ul>
  <li><label><input type="radio" name="overflow" value="0"> overflow-clip-margin: 0;</li>

>   <li><label><input type="radio" name="overflow" value="3em"> overflow-clip-margin: 3em;</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li><label><input type="radio" name="overflow" value="0"> overflow-clip-margin: 0;</label></li>
  <li><label><input type="radio" name="overflow" value="3em"> overflow-clip-margin: 3em;</label></li>
```

</ul>
</fieldset>
```

The second example's overflowing content is clipped. Tabbing to the {{htmlelement("input")}} in the hidden content gives the element focus, but does not scroll it into view, creating inaccessible, bad user experience.

When using the two value syntax, if one value is set to `clip`, that `clip` overflow direction will behave as `hidden` if the other value is not set to `visible` or `clip`.

```css hidden live-sample___clip
ul {
  list-style-type: none;
}
label {
  font-family: monospace;
}
:has([value="0"]:checked) div {
  overflow-clip-margin: 0;
}
:has([value="3em"]:checked) div {
  overflow-clip-margin: 3em;
}

@supports not (overflow-clip-margin: 0) {
  body::before {
    content: "Your browser doesn't support overflow-clip-margin yet.";
    background-color: wheat;
    display: block;
    text-align: center;
    padding: 1rem 0;

    width: 100%;
  }
}
```

> #### With scroll driven animations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### With scroll-driven animations
```

> When creating [scroll driven animations](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations) using the {{cssxref("scroll()")}} function, consider using `clip` instead of `hidden` if there is no interactive content within the clipped area, unless you explicitly want to create a scroll container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating [scroll driven animations](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations) using the {{cssxref("animation-timeline/scroll", "scroll()")}} function, consider using `clip` instead of `hidden` if there is no interactive content within the clipped area, unless you explicitly want to create a scroll container.
```

> With both `hidden` and `clip`, the overflow gets clipped, but `overflow: clip` doesn't create a scroll container, so clipped elements are skipped when the user agent goes up the DOM treen looking for the nearest ancestor scroll container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With both `hidden` and `clip`, the overflow gets clipped, but `overflow: clip` doesn't create a scroll container, so clipped elements are skipped when the user agent goes up the DOM tree looking for the nearest ancestor scroll container.
```

Because `overflow: hidden` creates a scroll container when there is overflowing content, you might accidentally create a scrolling-ancestor that doesn't scroll. But only use `clip` if you are certain you won't clip any interactive content.

```css hidden live-sample___visible live-sample___scroll live-sample___auto live-sample___clip live-sample___hidden
div {
  height: 10em;
  width: 15em;
  border: 3px solid;
  padding: 10px;
  background-color: #ededed;
  background-clip: content-box;
}
p {
  font-size: 1.5rem;
  line-height: 1.6;
  font-family: sans-serif;
}
h2 {
  font-family: monospace;
}
body {
  height: 98vh;
  overflow: clip;
  display: flex;
  flex-flow: row wrap;
  gap: 3em;
}
```

### Overflowing replaced elements

Setting `overflow` on images and other {{glossary("replaced elements")}} works as expected in browsers that support CSS Overflow Module Level 4; in previous versions of the specification, replaced elements were always clipped to the bounding container.

> See the [browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) chart for current browse support information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) chart for current browser support information.
```

- `clip`
  - : Overflow content is clipped at the element's _overflow clip edge_ defined by the {{cssxref("overflow-clip-margin")}} property. The element box is not a scroll container, clipped content is not visible, and programmatic scrolling is not supported.
- `scroll`
  - : Overflow content is clipped at the element's padding box. Whether overflowing or not, the element box is always a scroll container displaying scroll bars.
- `auto`
  - : Overflow content is clipped at the element's padding box. When overflowing, the element box is a scroll container displaying scroll bars.

#### Non-standard values

Some non-standard values are also supported in some browsers:

- `overlay`
  - : A legacy alias for `auto`, defined in the specification for web compatibility. Originally implemented as a non-standard value to render scrollbars on top of content rather than taking up space. Its use in new code is discouraged.

## Description

> By default, block level elements grow to fit their content. If the size of a container is constrained, the content will overflow. The `overflow` property determines how a container handles content that overflows its edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, block-level elements grow to fit their content. If the size of a container is constrained, the content will overflow. The `overflow` property determines how a container handles content that overflows its edges.
```

The `overflow` property is shorthand for the horizontal {{cssxref("overflow-x")}} and vertical {{cssxref("overflow-y")}} properties. If only one keyword is specified, both `overflow-x` and `overflow-y` are set to the same value. If two keywords are specified, the first value applies to `overflow-x` in the horizontal direction and the second one applies to `overflow-y` in the vertical direction.

Overflow options include hiding overflow content, enabling scroll bars to view overflow content or displaying the content flowing out of an element box into the surrounding area, and combinations there of.

All values, except `visible` and `clip`, create a new [block formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Display/Block_formatting_context). The new block formatting context is necessary for scroll containers because if a float were to intersect with a scrolling element, it would forcibly rewrap the content after each scroll step, leading to a slow scrolling experience.

### What creates overflow

> Overflow occurs when a block-level element has content that overflows its constrained space. The allotted space may be constrained by a height ({{cssxref("height")}} or {{cssxref("max-height")}}) for vertical overflow, a width ({{cssxref("width")}} or {{cssxref("max-width")}}) for horizontal overflow, a block-size ({{cssxref("block-size")}} or {{cssxref("max-block-size")}}) for block direction overflow, or an inline-size ({{cssxref("inline-size")}}, {{cssxref("max-inline-size")}}) or {{cssxref("white-space")}} set to `nowrap`) for inline direction overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overflow occurs when a block-level element has content that overflows its constrained space. The allotted space may be constrained by a height ({{cssxref("height")}} or {{cssxref("max-height")}}) for vertical overflow, a width ({{cssxref("width")}} or {{cssxref("max-width")}}) for horizontal overflow, a block-size ({{cssxref("block-size")}} or {{cssxref("max-block-size")}}) for block direction overflow, or an inline-size ({{cssxref("inline-size")}}, {{cssxref("max-inline-size")}}, or {{cssxref("white-space")}} set to `nowrap`) for inline direction overflow.
```

Too many parentheses 😬 Now should be fine.

> Overflow occurs when a block-level element has content that overflows its constrained space. The alloted space may be constrained by a height ({{cssxref("height")}} or {{cssxref("max-height")}}) for vertical overflow, a width ({{cssxref("width")}} or {{cssxref("max-width")}}) for horizontal overflow, a block-size (({{cssxref("block-size")}} or {{cssxref("max-block-size")}}) for block direction overflow, or an inline-size (({{cssxref("inline-size")}}, {{cssxref("max-inline-size")}}) or {{cssxref("white-space")}} set to `nowrap`) for inline direction overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overflow occurs when a block-level element has content that overflows its constrained space. The allotted space may be constrained by a height ({{cssxref("height")}} or {{cssxref("max-height")}}) for vertical overflow, a width ({{cssxref("width")}} or {{cssxref("max-width")}}) for horizontal overflow, a block-size ({{cssxref("block-size")}} or {{cssxref("max-block-size")}}) for block direction overflow, or an inline-size ({{cssxref("inline-size")}}, {{cssxref("max-inline-size")}}) or {{cssxref("white-space")}} set to `nowrap`) for inline direction overflow.
```

```css live-sample___auto
div {
  overflow: auto;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("auto", "", "300px")}}

```html hidden live-sample___auto
<div>
  <h2>overflow: auto;</h2>
</div>
<div>
  <p>
    The <code>overflow</code> property in this example is set to
    <code>auto</code>. Because there is overflowing content, a scroll container
    is created. The content is clipped to the padding box and a scroll bar
    enables scrolling to the overflowing content.
  </p>
</div>
```

When using the two value syntax, if one value is set to `visible`, that `visible` overflow direction will behave as `auto` if the other value is not `visible` or `clip`.

#### The `hidden` value

With `hidden`, overflowing content is clipped at the element's padding box. There are no scroll bars and the clipped content is not visible (i.e., it's "hidden").

> If there is overflowing content, the element is a scroll container! While there are no scroll bars and the user cannot view the content outside the clipped region by actions such as dragging on a touch screen or using the scroll wheel on a mouse, the hidden overflow content can be scrolled into view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is overflowing content, the element is a scroll container. While there are no scroll bars and the user cannot view the content outside the clipped region by actions such as dragging on a touch screen or using the scroll wheel on a mouse, the hidden overflow content can be scrolled into view.
```

Let’s keep it calm 😌

With `clip`, overflow content is clipped at the element's _overflow clip edge_ that is defined using the {{cssxref("overflow-clip-margin")}} property. The clipped content overflows the element's padding box by the {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} value of `overflow-clip-margin`, which defaults to `0px`.

```css live-sample___clip
div {
  overflow: clip;
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("clip", "", "350")}}

```html hidden live-sample___clip
<div>
  <h2>overflow: clip;</h2>
</div>
<div>
  <p>
    The <code>overflow</code> property in this example is set to
    <code>clip</code>. When hidden,
    <a
      href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Guides/Content_categories#interactive_content"
      >interactive content</a
    >
    can NOT be scrolled into view when focused. Overflowing content is clipped

>     the container. No scroll container is created. Tabbing will give this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    can NOT be scrolled into view when focused. Overflowing content is clipped
    to the container. No scroll container is created. Tabbing will give this
```

    <input aria-label="input" placeholder="input" /> focus but will not scroll
    it into view. Keyboard users will not be able to reach this content. This
    content is also not programmatically scrollable.
  </p>
</div>
<fieldset>
  <legend>Select a <code>overflow-clip-margin</code> value</legend>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <label
        ><input type="radio" name="overflow" value="0" /> overflow-clip-margin:
        0;</label
      >
    </li>
    <li>
      <label
        ><input type="radio" name="overflow" value="3em" />
        overflow-clip-margin: 3em;</label
      >
    </li>
  </ul>
</fieldset>
```

> The second example's overflowing content is clipped. Tabbing to the {{htmlelement("input")}} in the hidden content gives the element focus, but does not scroll it into view, creating inaccessible, bad user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second example's overflowing content is clipped. Tabbing to the {{htmlelement("input")}} in the hidden content gives the element focus, but does not scroll it into view, making that content inaccessible to keyboard users.
```

Let’s keep it neutral.

When using the two value syntax, if one value is set to `clip`, that `clip` overflow direction will behave as `hidden` if the other value is not set to `visible` or `clip`.

```css hidden live-sample___clip
ul {
  list-style-type: none;
}
label {
  font-family: monospace;
}
:has([value="0"]:checked) div {
  overflow-clip-margin: 0;
}
:has([value="3em"]:checked) div {
  overflow-clip-margin: 3em;
}

@supports not (overflow-clip-margin: 0) {
  body::before {
    content: "Your browser doesn't support overflow-clip-margin yet.";
    background-color: wheat;
    display: block;
    text-align: center;
    padding: 1rem 0;

    width: 100%;
  }
}
```

#### With scroll-driven animations

> When creating [scroll driven animations](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations) using the {{cssxref("animation-timeline/scroll", "scroll()")}} function, consider using `clip` instead of `hidden` if there is no interactive content within the clipped area, unless you explicitly want to create a scroll container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating [scroll-driven animations](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations) using the {{cssxref("animation-timeline/scroll", "scroll()")}} function, consider using `clip` instead of `hidden` if there is no interactive content within the clipped area, unless you explicitly want to create a scroll container.
```

## Accessibility

> In some browsers, scrolling content areas are not keyboard-focusable, so it cannot be scrolled by a keyboard-only user. To ensure all keyboard-only users can scroll the container, enable the element to receive focus by setting [`tabindex="0"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the container. To ensure the screen reader user has context when encountering the container receives focus, set an appropriate [WAI-ARIA role](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles) on the container, such as `role="region"`, and an accessible name usinh the [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-labelledby)) attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some browsers, scrolling content areas are not keyboard-focusable, so they cannot be scrolled by a keyboard-only user. To ensure all keyboard-only users can scroll the container, enable the element to receive focus by setting [`tabindex="0"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the container. To ensure the screen reader user has context when encountering the container receives focus, set an appropriate [WAI-ARIA role](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles) on the container, such as `role="region"`, and an accessible name using the [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-labelledby)) attributes.
```

## Accessibility

> In some browsers, scrolling content areas are not keyboard-focusable, so they cannot be scrolled by a keyboard-only user. To ensure all keyboard-only users can scroll the container, enable the element to receive focus by setting [`tabindex="0"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the container. To ensure the screen reader user has context when encountering the container receives focus, set an appropriate [WAI-ARIA role](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles) on the container, such as `role="region"`, and an accessible name using the [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-labelledby)) attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some browsers, scrolling content areas are not keyboard-focusable, so they cannot be scrolled by a keyboard-only user. To ensure all keyboard-only users can scroll the container, enable the element to receive focus by setting [`tabindex="0"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the container. To give screen reader users context when the container receives focus, set an appropriate [WAI-ARIA role](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles) on the container, such as `role="region"`, and an accessible name using the [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-labelledby) attribute.
```

- {{Cssxref("overflow-block")}}, {{Cssxref("overflow-clip-margin")}}, {{Cssxref("overflow-inline")}}
- {{Cssxref("clip")}}, {{Cssxref("display")}}, {{cssxref("text-overflow")}}, {{cssxref("white-space")}}
- SVG {{SVGAttr("overflow")}} attribute
- [Scroll progress timelines](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations/Timelines#scroll_progress_timelines)
- [CSS overflow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Overflow) module

> - [CSS scroll driven animations](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations) module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CSS scroll-driven animations](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations) module
```
